Hello sir Namaste!

As per my commitment that I have done taking a month of time. I came to the following conclusion:

1. I figured out the situation of market now. And mostly k dekhiyo vane ahile ko condition ma, almost sabai gadi wala haru le arukai gps system adapt gari sake raixan. Maile paila jati pani bus owner haru sanga kura gareko thiye business garna lai, tyo haru sabai le arkaiko gps device halisake xan. Hamile jun USP vaneko thiyim hamro yo obd system, yo kura chai actually bus wala haru le navaye pani hunxa vanne jsto kura gare kinavane yo obd sahit ko device vanda only gps device dherai nai affordable parne vayera gps device matra halne sochda raixan gadi wala haru le. 
Bus wala haru le naya device ahile immediately accept garne situation nai xaina ahile because they already done the contract as well. Ani already established company haru le pani yo obd wala feature chai dina suru garisake raixan chaiyo vanne bus wala haru lai chai. 
Yo obd device ko kura haru kina trending vairaxaina vanera maile janna khojeko kina vane this is something amazing tech for the vehicles, but yo devices ko inaccuracies haru dherai vako karan le garda chai tyo information haru teti relavant nai hudo rainaxa bus wala haru lai tei vayera competitor haru le xitai adapt garauna nasakeko raixa yo obd devices ko application. 

2. Maile device haru gadi ma halera ni here, tara gadi baata jun fuel ko data haru aauxa tyo data haru ekdamai dherai inaccurate aairako xa. Tyo kina vairako hola vanera maile majja le study garda chai, it sounds like gadi kai built in sensors le nai dherai inaccurate data dido raixa tesle garda kheri obd baata aako data haru realtime ma kei pani significant nahune raixa. Teivayera nai dherai companies le external sensors rakhera nai realtime ma fuel data haru di rako raixa. 
Ani additionally, device ma heating problem dherai nai xa, it seems like device ma dherai nai kaam garna baki xa production ready banauna lai. Ani maile chinese manufacturer sanga ni kura garna try gare custom manufacturing ko lagi, but they are saying like we need to order minimum 5k orders testo khalko custom manufacturing garna lai. 

3) SO hami sanga jun prototype xa teslai nai production ready banauna lai ajhai dherai funding and time chaine chai dekhinxa. Existing product lai chai hamile market ma linai sakdainau it's not completely ready for mass production. Firmware haru dekhi liyera hardware ma dherai nai kaam baki dekhinxa. 

So here is my conclusion:
Ahile market herne ho vane market don't want our solution actually. Ani competitor haru sanga compete garne USP pani kei vayena hami sanga. Tyo vaye paxi no one is going to adapt our solution. And I think this technology is very complecated, so hamile jsto promise gareko xau user lai jsto level ko accuracy relavant hunxa tyo level of dina lai, still it needs more and more R&D and funding as well which is not feasible as of now. Aja samma hamile jun level ko hit and trial garim tyo level ko hit and trial garna lai it complecated now. 

So here is what I am feeling:
So seeing all of those business and technology level complecations, I think that this is not what we can do. Ajhai yai kura ma lagyo vane I think ajhai high level ko time and money wastage huna sakxa. Malai aba ysle work out gardaina, omnecal is just a story now it can't be a profitable startu vanne kura realize garna lai I have been through so many things, Jaba mero sabai cofounder le xadyo I have done so much of hardwork and tried to come back again, I literally haven't slept properly after I was been alone in my company. That's why, I quit sir. My other cofounders left me because they saw the same conclusion jsto lagyo malai ahile. We dreamt of about the omnecal together, that we 3 cofounders will make it big together, but I think that I can't fullfil this vision of 3 cofounder alone. 

I have been through first stage depression because of the high level anxiety and stresses. Because I was getting the vibe that I am failing in my startup for which I dropped out from KU. Ani bichama online university join gare pani, I couldn't able to afford my fees and tyo ni recently drop garnu paryo. Mero family ma ni dherai nai serious financial and health issues haru aayo because my mothers' kidney had been damaged by kidney stones and she is surviving as the kidney patient. I am completely broken sir, mentally and physically both. I am thinking like, I can't do anything in my life, I am the looser. A young boy of family can't help their family in the worst situation. This is so much of stressful moment for me. 
Now I want to go away from everything sir. I want to quit everything whatever I am doing. I have left my current university, my family see me as the mental patient. 

I am sorry sanjay sir, we weren't able to do whatever we promised to do when we were raising the investment. The fact that we need to accept is that: on every startup ecosystem there is the chance that 95% of the startups fails, so we just counted as those 95% startup. 
Having said that, Omnecal baata hjr ko return of Investment navaye pani. We have given you the equity on Aifiverse. I hope omnecal le workout nagare pani, In the near future I will comeup with something by which I can at least be able to give you your money back. I know hjr le maile aba j vane pani trust garnu hunna, but one thing that I would like to promise is that: We will give you, yout money back, with multiplier or even at least the money how much we used. 


 
